- [Instructor] So let's start where we said we would
with the login page.
Now, once again, I want you to go ahead
and grab the exercise files.
I've done all of this for you because typing a lot of HTML
doesn't add a lot of value,
but instead I do want to talk through it.
So to the header
we added the security name space here on line two.
And then if you scroll down to line 25,
I've added an element to our nav bar
that basically is a button to log out if you are logged in.
And if you are not logged in,
to click that button to go to the login page.
So on 29 is when you are not logged in,
and on 26 is when you are logged in.
Now, I also created a login dot HTML page
and that login dot HTML page copies our standard header
and then builds a form.
Let's talk about a few elements of our form.
So on line 13, we're creating an error div
if there's an error,
and on line 14,
we are creating a logout message
if you have logged out.
And we're going to redirect to that,
both of those are parameters.
Then on line 15, we actually start our forms.
So we are going to post back to login.
And from there, we are going to post a username
and a password, and then there's a submit button
on that form.
Now this is a pretty basic plain Jane form,
but it gives you the idea
that nothing in forms off is different at this point.
It's simply we've added a page to handle the login flow
and for convenience, I've given us a button in the header.